# Skeleton grid for Rails

*Skeleton*: A Beautiful Boilerplate for Responsive, Mobile-Friendly Development.

See [get skeleton](http://www.getskeleton.com)

## Install

`gem 'skeleton-rails'`

bundle and use...

## Config

In `application.css` manifest:

```text
 *= require skeleton/base
 *= require skeleton/layout
 *= require skeleton/skeleton
```

## Usage

See [skeleton guide](http://www.getskeleton.com)

## Contributing to skeleton-rails
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

## Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Kristian Mandrup. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

All parts of Skeleton are free to use and abuse under the open-source MIT license. The full licensing language can be found here: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php. More importantly, I would love to have a small community of contributors to Skeleton, so please feel free to jump over the Skeleton Github page and contribute to make Skeleton a better boilerplate for everyone! I would also love to know if you built a site on Skeleton - I'm planning on tying a gallery into these docs, so just shoot me the URL at hi@getskeleton.com